# helloworld

just your generic helloworld example

Hello World - How many times and in how many languages have I used this.  My story dates back to middle school.  I was at a friends house having a sleep over and we stayed up all night playing on his new Mac computer.  It was awesome. I got to experience something called the internet and it just facinated me.  I had used computers to play games on floppy disks, I remember playing a winter games, with trap shooting and cross country skiing, fun times.  Anyway that began my love for computers and I knew i had to have one.  I begged my parents and eventually they gave in.  The next crucial step in my development was learning how to type.  In 9th grade I took a typing class and it's probably one of the most valuable classes i've ever taking.  Then in 10 or 11th grade (in the mid 90's) I took a computer programming class in high school and learned how to program in BASIC.  I remember we spent the entire semester doing about 1200 lines of code so that we could create a smiley face.  Then freshman year in college I took a programming class in Fortran, then C++, and eventually decided I didn't want to be a programmer when I spent 95 hours on my final project and my roomate spent 10 and we both got 95's.  Well a few years into IT and I'm working in security and I'm presented with an opportunity to write code in python and Perl to pull data out of a mainframe to develop reports for auditing purposes.  Next gig at FTI, I'm working in VMware and using PowerCLI to automate tasks and get data from 1000's of VMs at once, doing some work in Sharepoint and Active directory and using PowerShell to automate tasks and reports.  I remember writing and AD powershell script that would disable any account that had not been logged in for 30+ days that ran every sunday night.  I remember I had a Test AD environment and glad i did because first run i disabled all AD accounts :).  Also did some stuff early on at this gig using VBscripts and batch files.  I also got the change to be a Linux admin writing some shell scripts, doing cron jobs, it was a nice change that helped broaden my breath of knowledge.  Then after 7.5 years at FTI i moved on and worked primarily as a Infrastructure as Code developer using VMware tools and writing code in PowerShell and Javascript.  I got to learn about YAML and JSON Files and the power of REST and really tying systems together usering API's.

P.S. - I have so much code i've left behind, it's cool to have github as a way to look back on memory lane - wish i would have posted to this 10 years ago.  Also since my last job was contractor work i had to leave at customer site so oh well!

I have a passion for building and creating things.  I love to learn and teach.

Well that's me.  Thanks for stopping by,
-Joe**
